All right, yeah, I'm good my day, is literally going from bad.

To worse, I mean I wasn't even having a good day to start with, and then I just cut these texts from dwara and I'm just like what my day.

Yes, please.

I seen you like this before.

Should we take five minutes sifting through this, I knew you were gon na say that yes, okay, don't get fight all right.

That'S why the task?

What is it you want me to help me think through?

I don't even know where to start I've just hang on, and what do I actually want to get out of this?

I just need.

I just need to sort this out basically, because I've got somewhere to go in about half an hour and then I've just got these texts this more than I can actually sort out in half an hour, and I need to sort of figure out what I'm gon Na do because I don't even actually know what to do okay.

So what is it that you need to solder?

Well, okay, can I just tell you what's happened or - and I think we've got to tell him what okay all right.

Basically, I need like a housing solution for Laura, because she's just texted me saying she's got nowhere to live, so I just need to do something: to sort it out: okay, yeah, okay!

Is that all right, yeah?

Okay, I'm asleep asleep the case now all right!

So you do know a bit about Laura her mom and what I've been trying to do, and basically I was around there yesterday.

It was actually fine yesterday.

This is the worst of it.

This always happens when I'm thinking right.

Actually, we've got ourselves back on track and then I get these text so then I'm thinking is this even working.

Is there any point in carrying on so she's?

Well, I don't even know, what's happened to be honest with you, but I've just had this tip, so she texted me earlier when I reset that other meeting saying like call me call me and obviously I call her.

She doesn't pick up the phone standard and then I get this texting.

Oh so I'm like, let's just do it over text and then she's like.

Oh, my mum's kicked me out fire me so much to live, and obviously I'm like find you.

So that's not my job, like we've, also been over that quite a few times before it's not even my job to find her somewhere to live, like obviously, I'm there to help with the family stuff.

Do you know what I mean and then it's just like?

I don't even know, and this is what happens it just gets me like this, because then I'm thinking am, I even doing anything useful when I'm going around there are they actually listening?

Is this going in and then I'm like, I need to sort out whatever is happening today and that's what I'm thinking if I can just sort this out for today.

So so, what's the bare bones of weapon today, so I can understand to see what with herand yeah I forgot.

This is your room.

Well, I don't even know you to be honest with me.

Okay, I've got no idea.

I don't know how she expects me to sort it out.

That'S a good point.

When I didn't even know what's happened, I've got no, it's probably what happens before, which is that some minor thing will happen.

They get into an argument.

Obviously, on both sides.

It'S not ideal, but we have tried to talk about that, because the mum does know some of the things that we've said because, like fair enough, it's not always Laura that does it it's sometimes the mum as well, and it's just sorry I know I'm probably that Well, do you know what Laura is that she does get into a tizzy at times anywhere emotional world and she she can and her that could go everyone in which I'm seeing this torn you and not quite in a in a in a philosophy, police yeah.

I am, to be quite honest, I'm just a bit like this is too much on a day that was already quite bad, but you're right.

I think also it does kind of have this effect on me, because this is a bit like what happened before Christmas.

Do you remember, and it was like yeah, I thought similar to Christmas.

My thoughts right now on the situation is, is you said to me, you got to find a housing, and I'm thinking is my first always.

Is that your all?

Is that my well yeah, and if, if it's not, what is your role in this situation?

Um, okay, I don't have Steven well, it isn't.

Probably if I try and think about, I guess the mentalizing the moment bit.

If I try - and I think you're right actually, I'm quite feeling quite yeah, like ever laughter dude - that's the word kind of annoys a bit disappointed as well, because I thought this was actually kind of heading in a better direction, but obviously isn't.

But even in saying that, I don't know why I thought it was just going ahead in a positive direction or viously.

Stuff like this is probably going to come up because is part of their pattern.

I suppose, and one one negative doesn't make the whole situation a bad one.

No, it's yeah!

Obviously now I can see that a bit more, but it's kind of hard when you it's just when you just get the text and you're like.

Oh, my god, I've got to do something and that's just kind of takes over a bit by suppose.

What is my role here is a good question.

Well, I guess she's contacted me because she thinks I can do something to help.

But as you say, maybe the thing it doesn't mean the thing to help is exactly the thing that she's wanting, because I don't even know if you know you what's happened, which is quite Madden, I think about it, because how was I gon na sort?

They might not even need housing to know, I mean.

Actually there might be something that we could.

Even there is a bit painful kind of go back to that.

We might have already tried, or we've already thought of so like yeah.

What I think this is like something about how you're feeling no it's probably quite similar to how our Laura's feeling so she may need a bit of space to think through the situation.

That'S all yeah!

I think that's fair point actually because sometimes like he said she does get herself in a bit of art and I get it.

I do get it because I've been that when they're arguing and it is pretty like it does seem like the end of the world on both sides, I think and yeah - maybe she's, not even thinking like.

Maybe something like that just happened and then she's just like that's it there's no way through mmm and you're right.

Actually, sometimes, when I've gone, we have actually been able to think about it.

A bit more, that's been an if they use.

No, I don't think she'd find it weird if I did that now.

If you see what I mean, because we have done that before because actually there's no point trying to even well, I might not go need to go down the road of the housing thing.

Actually cuz that might not be mm-hmm actually what's needed.

I reckon okay, so if I'm thinking what I could do, if I call her now it or try and text her again, I think she's yeah, maybe I'll, try, texting and see.

I could at least try and find out what's happened and, like you say, if it has been some sort of falling-out try and get her to sort of think it through in terms of maybe seeing her mum's point of view as a too much for now.

But at least trying to work out a way forward: ya, thinkin!

If you can hold and contain ya, and just thinking about it I could probably I could probably go after there.

I'Ve got this other visit, but I could even go around if I need to because then at least I could talk to both of them, and you know what, if the West comes to the west and it can't be sorted out, then I could call.

I guess it's social care, isn't it I mean, I suppose, that's why they've been going to have an explicit plan that you want to help her with the situation, but you need a B and C just like we might have toss at the beginning.

Yes, what United State or then I may just hope at the condo yeah.

I need the information actually and actually that's kind of bad on my part, because I'm just rushing around there in a vote for state otherwise or panicking and calling up other people and actually what I'm trying to get them to do, which is helpful to be reminded Of is actually think stuff through, so maybe even just going around and trying to think it through and saying.

Look what's actually happened.

Where do we want to get to and then we'll take it from there anyway?

If I have to call - and it can't be sorted out, then at least we know and we've got better information to go back at and maybe call up social care together and see if they do need a solution.

That'S good!

So it's not like a plan.

Yeah yeah I'm around off the 600.

What someone coming in!

Do you mommy?

Oh sure, if you need thanks so much.

Okay, all right wish me not good.